Release matlab-whole-body-simulator 3.0.0 (#74)
ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.0.0] - 2022-04-14

### Added

> - Add support for simulating robots with cylindrical or spherical robots (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/71)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the possibility of simulating robots with cylindrical or spherical feet (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/71)
```

> - Add a new simulator block called `RobotDynWithContacts_closedChain` that is capable of simulating a robot with multiple closed kinematic chains and defining multiple links of the robot as the links interacting with the ground (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new simulator block called `RobotDynWithContacts_closedChain` that is capable of simulating a robot with multiple closed kinematic chains and of defining multiple links of the robot as the links interacting with the ground (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/64).
```

### Changed
- Added the option to load model with the absolute path, without using the YARP resource management at all (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/61).

> 

Reviewer 2: - Added the possibility of interacting with the robot visualizer while the simulation is paused (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/63)

## [3.0.0] - 2022-04-14

### Added
- Added the possibility of simulating robots with cylindrical or spherical feet (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/71)

> - Add a new simulator block called `RobotDynWithContacts_closedChain` that is capable of simulating a robot with multiple closed kinematic chains and of defining multiple links of the robot as the links interacting with the ground (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new simulator block called `RobotDynWithContacts_closedChain` that is capable of simulating a robot with multiple closed kinematic chains and of defining multiple links of the robot as the links interacting with the ground (https://github.com/ami-iit/matlab-whole-body-simulator/pull/64).
```
